(FESTIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
(BURPS)
Another one?
Well. I'm still vertical.
so I'd like to change that.
Ho. ho.
Bitter. Pint.
You just get off?
I'm taking a break.
Between shifts.
I guess you could say.
You ain't driving.
are you?
I steer a little. but the
reindeer do most of the work.
(LAUGHTER)
This is my fourth year
as a Santa.
Ah.
How about you?
Lost count.
I forget why I started
doing it in the first place.
Same reason anybody
does anything.
The money.
(CHUCKLING)
Money. Money.
This whole planet
runs on greed.
(CRACKING)
(GROANS)
(SIGHS)
MAN: It's the look on
the kiddies' faces. innit?
That's what
does it for me.
The look.
Yeah. that look.
Lasts about
two seconds.
As soon as they're
finished unwrapping.
they want
the next present.
the next cool thing.
That's how
this world works.
And kids...
What kids have become.
They're just like
little junkies.
They're little shits.
They just demand.
They don't believe.
They just want.
crave. consume.
Maybe this is
my last year.
The last Christmas.
I can't stand seeing
another Santa in distress.
(BURPS) Put his
drinks on my tab.
Okay?
Yeah.
Very merry of you. Okay.
I better get going.
Presents aren't gonna
deliver themselves.
(CHUCKLES)
For your grandson.
Save me a trip.
It's that new video game.
It's Astro Blaster.
Blaster Astro.
I don't know.
Merry Christmas.
(BURPS)
How'd he know
my grandson's name?
How'd he know I have a
grandson? (DOOR OPENS)
Oi! That door
leads to the roof.
Piss head.
Go easy on him.
It's Christmas.
Hey! You can't
be up here.
If you break your neck.
I'm the one...
(PANTING)
My God.
It's...
(VOMITING)
Beauti...
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(DECK THE HALLS PLAYING)
(EXHALES)
(HORN HONKING)
Hi. Hi. hi. hi.
There she is.
Hello. muffin.
Let's go
see Grandma.
Ooh.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas. Trudy.
Merry...
Merry Christmas. Daddy.
ya filthy animal. (LAUGHS)
She got to stay up late
and watch Home Alone.
Uh-huh.
It was so funny.
(SCREAMING)
That... That hurts.
Yep.
All morning.
Okay...
Thank you.
For doing this.
I'm not doing it
for you.
It's Christmas!
Yeah!
(FESTIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
Merry Christmas. Al.
Hi. Linda.
Merry Christmas.
Mr. Lightstone.
Hey. Al.
Hey. you back
there. Tru?
Yeah. I bet you're
excited for Christmas.
What did you
ask Santa for?
Not to work
on Christmas Eve.
Must've been naughty
this year. 'cause here I am.
Just make sure you let Santa
through the gates later. Al.
Yeah.
Have a merry one. now.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas. Al.
Merry Christmas. Tru.
Thank you. Al.
Yeah.
(TOY LAUGHS)
Merry Christmas.
Hope you're on
the nice list.
WOMAN 1: That doesn't
go over there.
WOMAN 2: Excuse me.
What the hell is this?
You are the worst catering
company on the planet.
It's lengthwise.
not width.
Unbelievable.
(WATCH BEEPS)
Okay.
Hi. Hi. guys.
Merry Christmas.
Hi. I'm fine. Thank you so much.
I'll never get over the fact
that you grew up like this.
My therapist says I'll
never get over it. either.
I need a drink.
(FESTIVE MUSIC PLAYING SOFTLY
OVER SPEAKERS)
(TOY TRAIN HONKING)
Hey. look at that.
ALVA: Hi. Linda.
How's it going. Alva?
You gained weight.
(COUGHS) Looks
good on you. though.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
"Sup. limp dick?
(SIGHS)
I got great feelings
about this Christmas.
You want to know why? Yeah.
"Cause I think
this is the year
that Mom's gonna
kick herself upstairs
and choose one of us
to start running the show.
And I got to tell you. Jason.
that I'm gunning for your ass.
What would a Lightstone
family Christmas be
without groveling
and infighting?
(ALVA CHUCKLING)
WOMAN: Your rosé.
ma'am.
Honey. smile.
It's Christmas.
Good. Good girl.
I am sorry
about my sister.
It is really
nice to see you.
To have you here.
Okay. I'm behind. Catch
me up on all the hot goss.
Hot goss. Okay. Um...
Well. you remember Bert.
my sister's pride and joy.
Yo. yo. yo.
This is the Bert Locker
living that bling life
on Christmas Eve.
(LAUGHS)
Hashtag blessed.
He just got
what I can only assume
will be his first of many
sexual harassment accusations.
Mom paid off the school.
and now the gymnasium
is named after us.
Of course she did.
What about
Tragic Mike?
All I'm saying is.
if I was on one
of those planes.
9/11 would've ended
with a bunch of terrorists
skydiving over Connecticut
without their parachutes.
ALVA: Yes. Yes. Boom.
Yeah. You like that?
Yeah. I do like it.
Kiss me in front of my son. Now?
He might actually be
a decent actor.
He's been doing
an Oscar-worthy job
of pretending to find my
sister appealing. (SNICKERS)
Now he wants Mom
to fund a film for him.
GERTRUDE: Not a chance.
That's not gonna work for me.
MORGAN: It's Gertrude!
ALVA: It's Mom.
Okay. let's do this.
Okay. okay. Come on.
Come on. Bert. get over
here. No. Mom. Mom!
Positions.
Game time. buddy.
Okay. Okay.
This is my good side.
BERT: I'm busy. We've
gone over this! Come on!
MORGAN: Gosh. Okay.
ALVA: Bert.
get in the middle.
So it begins.
Seriously. come. You
know what that means.
Shall we
jockey forward?
No.
No. we can hang back.
Yeah.
Trudy. honey?
Come on over here.
(GIGGLES)
(GROWLING PLAYFULLY)
Just. like...
GERTRUDE: Threaten
'em or bribe 'em.
This isn't
rocket science.
Same shit
we always do.
That's what?
That's the best
you can do?
Excited to see
your grandma?
Listen.
you cocksucker.
It's Christmas.
so why don't you take
your best offer.
gift wrap it.
and ram it up
your fucking box.
Maybe you don't
realize who I am.
Those were Grandma words.
You know. forget them.
ALVA: Oh. boy. Look
at Mr. Cool back here.
Yeah. what's your
angle. man. hmm?
No angle.
I'm not doing anything.
Oh. yeah.
GERTRUDE: No. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no. No!
Don't shit in my mouth and
tell me it's chocolate cake.
(SNICKERS)
Grandma's cool.
GERTRUDE: I can make
that story go away...
I think your brother's
up to something.
No. I just decided
to let you guys
have all the fun
sucking up to Mom today.
Please. You are
King Suck-up.
You named
your kid Gertrude.
Alva. you named
your son Bertrude.
Okay.
Sorry. Bert. but
that's not a real name.
Sorry. Linda. We can't all be
lucky enough to have daughters.
Mom. I can hear you.
You know something
we don't. What is it?
No. I don't. I don't.
I got it. Bingo.
I'm onto you. man.
Come on!
We were just...
Come on.
come on.
GERTRUDE:
You big sack of shit.
Ooh. No wonder
your husband left you.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Merry Christmas to you.
too. Senator.
Merry Christmas. Mommy.
Merry Christmas.
LINDA: Merry Christmas.
Why in the hell are you
standing all the way back there?
Merry Christmas.
Grandma!
Little bitch.
GERTRUDE: Aw.
Little Gertrude. And how is
my favorite granddaughter?
Everybody calls me
Trudy now.
Trudy?
That makes her sound
like a whore. Okay.
Oh. she doesn't even know
the meaning of the word.
I'm starving. Let's eat.
Great.
And. Mom. I think
Gertrude is a beautiful name.
Mm-hmm.
I only call her Gertrude.
Merry Christmas. Gertrude.
Come on. Bertrude.
(FESTIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
(REINDEER GRUNTING)
(GRUMBLES)
(BURPING)
Whoo-hoo!
(SCOFFS)
(URINATING)
(EXHALES)
Another fucking Christmas.
TRUDY: I made these
all by myself.
JASON: No way.
TRUDY: I even made one
that looks exactly like Santa.
(SOFTLY) Exactly.
(LAUGHS) Yeah.
Santa gets
a candy cane. too?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's perfect.
No peeking.
This house has SO many
chimneys. (LINDA CHUCKLES)
How will Santa know
which one to come down?
Oh. Santa just knows.
Christmas magic.
Honey. what's wrong?
Daddy never took me to see
Santa at the mall this year.
LINDA: He didn't.
I am so sorry.
This year has been weird.
I never got to tell Santa
what I wanted for Christmas.
Oh. honey.
Come here.
You know what?
You go put
your pj's on.
and I will be
two minutes.
Yes!
Okay...
(SOFTLY) Yes.
Yes!
Because you have been So
good to me and Mommy this year.
we decided that
you could have one gift...
Early!
Really?
What is it?
That is a very special
walkie-talkie.
It's magic.
Magic?
Mm-hmm.
What you got
right there
is a direct hotline
to Santa Claus himself.
I can talk to Santa?
Oh. yeah. It's just like
writing him a letter. but better.
Mm. Mm.
Now. the only
thing is.
he might not have time
to answer you.
He's delivering a lot
of presents tonight.
Mm-hmm.
But he'll hear everything
you want to say to him.
(BEEPS)
Hello. Santa?
This is Trudy Lightstone.
I hope you're having
a nice night.
It's really cold tonight. so
don't forget your mittens.
So. I wanted
to tell you. Santa.
I was extra
good this year.
so I wrote a big list for you
with all the stuff I wanted.
But then...
Then I realized I
don't need any of that.
I really only want
one present for Christmas.
I want Mommy and Daddy
to make up
SO we can be
a family again.
Okay.
Good night. Santa.
Good night.
Mr. Bunny.
(SIGHS)
(SNOW SLOSHES)
(GRUMBLES)
Which one of you
did that?
You can't go
two seconds without
crapping on the roof
like a bunch of pigeons?
So unprofessional.
You know. Rudolph
will never do this crap.
Hmm.
Mm.
(CHUCKLES)
Mm. mm.
Homemade.
Mm.
Ugh. Skim.
Oh. yeah.
That's the stuff.
Dubois.
That's some prewar
shit right there.
Good shit.
(EXHALES SHARPLY) Mm.
That pairs well.
What do we have here?
(BEEPS)
(WHIRRING)
Oh. yeah.
That's the stuff.
You know...
(SIGHS)
Christmas
is all right.
but you Americans don't
celebrate my favorite holiday.
Yeah? What?
Boxing Day.
(WATCH BEEPS)
(BEEPING)
Yo. yo.
B. Lightstone here.
live streaming the
dream. you know.
They say
the richest man...
Say goodbye.
And if you...
Grandma! Your Wi-Fi
sucks dick.
Damn it!
When he was small.
I begged you to beat him.
Hey. Merry Christmas.
Or should I say
"Happy holidays" now?
Right? I mean. it's like.
people. make up your minds.
You know what I'm
saying? Can I help you?
Yeah. I sure
hope so. See...
My car broke down
a little ways...
Out here? This is
a private road.
You're telling me.
It's the first place
I've seen for miles.
I think I got frostbite.
Where the hell
am I. anyway?
G.T. Lightstone
family compound.
I'll call you a tow.
(SILENCED GUNSHOT)
All right. revelers.
Time to steal Christmas.
Sound off.
Jingle. Check.
Peppermint. Check.
Sugarplum. Check.
Krampus. Ready
to fuck shit up.
Candy Cane. Check.
Go for Frosty.
Go for Tinsel.
Go for Gingerbread.
Are we gonna use these
stupid code names all night?
SCROOGE:
'Tis the season.
Welcome to your worst
Christmas ever.
Trudy loves seeing
Santa at the mall.
She loves going
with her father.
And you should've
taken her yesterday.
like you do
every Christmas.
but we didn't even
hear from you.
Mom put me on
a special project.
It's complicated.
But it's not.
because it keeps happening
over and over.
Your mother forcing herself
between us. You're right.
What if we could give Trudy
her Christmas wish?
(SCOFFS)
You're trying
to win me back
with a romantic weekend
at your mother's?
What if things really
changed this time?
We got out from under
my mother's thumb.
We'll walk away.
From the company.
the family.
Tonight.
What are you up to?
(GUNSHOTS IN DISTANCE)
(SILENCED GUNSHOTS)
(SNORTS)
(BEEPS)
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(MEN GROANING)
Let's go. We need
to get you out of here.
Mommy. where
are you going?
She's going for the
panic room! What?
Yes. Go. Bertrude.
Without us?
(GUNFIRE)
(GASPS)
ALVA: Fuck. fuck. fuck.
(GUNFIRE NEARBY)
GERTRUDE: There isn't
room for all of us.
She can fit at least two
of us. Mom. take me.
Mom!
Oh. yeah.
Mom. can Bert
come. too?
(BEEPING)
MAN: Okay. Move it
or lose it. son.
Move it!
Whoa. whoa.
You're supposed
to protect us.
We protect
the primary asset.
Who the hell
are you?
You can call me
Mr. Scrooge.
Hilarious.
Get him.
(GRUNTING)
(BONES CRACKING)
Bah humbug. motherfucker.
SCROOGE:
Hey. Step aside.
Tinsel. Peppermint.
sweep upstairs.
I want all the
Lightstones together.
Kill anybody else
you find.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
LINDA: Trudy. honey.
we got to go.
Wake up. honey.
Wake up.
Maybe we can get out the
back by the servants' stairs.
Come on.
Not now. Not now.
Fuck! Fuck!
Mistletoe.
gingerbread.
(GASPS)
(BANGING ON DOOR)
Hey!
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) Hi.
You got me.
I don't want
any trouble. okay?
Downstairs. Now.
Look. mister. I don't
want to get involved.
I just have a job to do.
Okay? That's it.
I'm just gonna
take my bag.
and I'm just gonna
scooch up that chimney.
(GRUNTS)
Enough talk. Let's go.
You don't want
to do this.
What? This?
(GROANING)
Now. move!
Are you deaf?
Fucking move!
(SNORTING)
(HOOVES THUDDING)
No. no. no.
No! Wait!
Wait.
Wait! Don't go!
Come back!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(SIZZLING)
(GASPING)
(STRAINING)
(SCREAMING)
Fuck!
(GRUNTS. COUGHS)
(GROANING)
Oh. shit.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Damn chickenshit reindeer
leave me here to die.
SCROOGE: (SINGING)
Violent night
Gory night
All is calm
If all doesn't want to get
Shot in the fucking head
GERTRUDE: Cute.
Do you have any idea
who you're fucking with?
I know exactly
who I'm fucking with.
Wait. wait.
Did you actually think
that I spent months
planning a complex break-in
to the most secure
private residence
in the country
and I didn't know
who lived here?
Well. you're wrong.
"Cause your staff
are dead.
Your security are dead.
Now. sit down
and shut the fuck up!
(SCREAMS)
Fuck.
We planned it.
It's all right.
It'll be solved
in a couple minutes.
Better be solved.
So much like a scene from
my movie Dark Ransom.
Oh. my God.
If they didn't
have guns.
I could take out three.
maybe four of them.
ALVA:
Try all of them.
Ew. Mom. Yuck.
If you'd really done your
research. you'd know
that my brother Rory
was kidnapped in the '70s.
But my father never
called the police.
Dad sent in our own
private extraction team.
and Rory was home safe
and sound a week later.
And the kidnappers
were never found.
If you get me.
I know.
I know all about
your extraction team
that you affectionately
call "the Kill Squad"
behind closed doors.
I also know that
they're on their way
and how long it's gonna
take 'em to get here.
I even know their credit
ratings and their dick sizes.
If you get me.
Then you should also know
you're already dead.
We don't do ransoms.
Again. I know. I know.
See. I know a lot.
Gertrude.
I really do.
Like the fact that you have
300 million in U.S. dollars
sitting in your personal
vault downstairs.
The fuck?
That's right.
300 million that
the U.S. government
gave Lightstone to quietly
distribute in the Middle East
to all the worst people.
to grease the wheels and
keep that sweet oil flowing.
300 million that... Oops...
Disappeared in the fog of war.
Except it didn't really
disappear. did it. Gerty?
"Cause you stole it.
Did you know about this?
SCROOGE:
Man. this family.
This moneygrubbing
family.
Clinging desperately
to your wealth.
when your poor employees
don't even have enough coal
to keep
Tiny Tim warm.
What is it with you and
all this Christmas shit?
Talk all you want.
You'll never
get in the vault.
Oh. oh. oh. Because when
you hit the panic button.
it reset
the combination?
I keep telling you.
I know.
This is what breaking
into a vault has turned into?
Remember when you just had
to drill holes and blow shit up?
I don't know.
maybe I'm getting old.
but there was something
romantic about that.
CANDY CANE: (OVER
WALKIE-TALKIE) Boss. you copy?
I'm kind
of busy here.
You're gonna
want to see this.
Maybe he fell.
You rappel down
buildings with him.
You gonna tell me
he just fell out a window?
All right. look lively.
gang. We got a gopher.
LINDA: You know what?
Um. I think Mr. Bunny
wants to go to sleep.
So. let's tuck him in.
Okay?
It's gonna be okay.
Hello? Santa?
Are you there?
Shit.
(FEEDBACK OVER WALKIE-TALKIE)
This is Candy Cane
at checkpoint three.
Shit. Shit. Shit.
Video game.
Didn't anybody ask
for a bat or a sword
or Molotov cocktails?
(DOOR OPENS)
Wait.
TOY: Mommy. I love you.
Poetry book.
Die Hard
on Blu-ray. Fuck!
(FESTIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
(GAGGING)
(GRUNTS)
(GUN CLICKS)
Safety's on. dipshit.
Wait. Hang on. Hang on.
Wait. wait. wait. Look.
I don't want to kill you.
(SCOFFS)
Well. a big fat guy.
gray beard.
Santa...
I'm gonna rip
your fucking balls off.
(SCREAMING)
Shit.
(BEEPS. CHIMES)
(SCREAMING)
(BOTH STRAINING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(WHIMPERING LOUDLY)
(GROWLS)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(SHUDDERS)
(GROANS)
(CHUCKLES)
Oh. God.
Ooh.
CANDY CANE: (OVER WALKIE-TALKIE)
This is Candy Cane checking in.
Compound is clear
and secured.
SCROOGE: Copy. What's
the status on the Kill Squad?
GINGERBREAD: Kill Squad
won't be here for two hours.
So we're doing good. The outer
seal's already been breached.
Is there a 911 thing
on here?
My...
Am I doing that correct?
Hello?
Hello. can anybody
hear me?
TRUDY: Can you
hear me. Santa?
Hello?
Santa?
Yeah. this is Santa.
I hope I'm not
bothering you.
Daddy said you were
very busy tonight.
I'm... I'm on a break.
Who am I speaking to?
My name is Trudy Lightstone.
and I've been
very good this year.
Trudy...
Trudy Lightstone.
Yeah. Trudy.
You're on my nice list.
You've been a very
good girl this year.
Where are you now. Trudy?
I'm in a big room
with all my relatives.
There's two bad men
with guns watching us.
Oh. no. Six left.
Are you gonna
help us. Santa?
Yeah. Of course
I'm gonna help you.
I'm gonna get you
out of there.
Take all these bad guys
on my naughty list...
I'm gonna take
a lump of coal.
each and every one of them.
and shove it straight up...
The ass.
I mean. come on. sweetie.
We want to keep you
on the nice list. you know.
Sorry. Can I say
"butthole." then?
I mean. it's borderline.
How about "anus"?
Technically. yes.
"anus" is the tech...
Okay. look. Trudy.
I got to call for help.
and the phone lines are down.
You probably know this
house better than anybody.
You got any suggestions?
I have an idea.
All right. you're telling me
there's a goddamn Santa Claus
running around here?
Okay. well. he looks jolly as
fuck. but who the hell is he?
There's no Santa listed
on the employee manifest.
Yeah. there's more.
Frosty hasn't checked in.
I can't reach him.
All right. keep trying.
All right.
it's official.
We got a gopher on the
loose. and he's dangerous.
Watch your backs.
Al? Al?
Oh. shit.
Oh. shit!
SCROOGE: Frosty.
what's your status?
Frosty. sound off.
Uh...
Frosty?
Is that... Is that the naughty
guy I met in the basement?
Your friend is dead.
He got a star in his face.
then his head caught on fire.
It's a long story.
Oh.
Is this our Santy?
Is this our
Santy Claus?
Yeah. it is.
To whom am I speaking?
Well. for tonight.
I'm Mr. Scrooge.
Now. what is it that
you want exactly. Santa?
I want you to put
down your weapons.
I want you to let
this family go.
and then I want
to find my reindeer.
and I want to continue
delivering my presents.
Are you
fucking with me?
All right. who the hell
are you really. huh?
Some security guard who's
watched too many action flicks?
Some loser ex-cop
stuck in a mall
playing dress-up with fat
kids pissing on your lap?
Stop me when
I get it right.
It's a little more
complicated than that.
Not to me. it's not.
"Cause I want to make it
my personal mission.
my holiday to-do list.
to find you and to end you
and to wipe my ass with you
and this whole fucking holiday.
That's what I want
for Christmas. Santa.
That is a terrible thing
to want for Christmas.
But maybe you and I should
discuss that in person.
Santa Claus
IS coming to town.
Shit.
All right.
who did you hire
to play Santa at your
Christmas party. huh?
I said. who's playing Santa at
your fucked-up Christmas party?
(BREATHLESSLY)
I didn't hire a Santa.
I never have a Santa.
It's tacky.
SCROOGE:
So. who is he?
(FESTIVE MUSIC
PLAYING FAINTLY)
Huh?
Who is he?
Somebody better
start talking.
or I'm gonna bash
her brains in with this...
Damn. Gertrude. You really
got a thing for nutcrackers. huh?
So. I'm gonna torture
everyone in your family
until you tell me who's
running around your mansion
playing Santa
and fucking with my shit.
And who should
I pick first?
Should I go by age?
Or should I go by IQ?
Pick Jason.
He's my mom's favorite.
Yep. Him.
The one in the sweater.
All right.
Jason Lightstone it is.
The number one son.
No.
Wait. No.
we don't need...
We don't need to do that.
No. it's okay.
No. We don't
need to do this.
No.
Don't.
No. don't... Put it...
Don't... No.
No. no. no. CANDY CANE:
Give me this fucking...
(BONES CRACKING)
(JASON SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMING)
I'm telling you.
no one hired a Santa.
All right.
You're right.
Let's stop it.
What are we doing here?
Come on.
What are we. amateurs?
We're half-assing this.
Come on. It's not
called a finger cracker.
Okay. Candy Cane.
Stick one of his bozaks
in there.
I'm not touching
his balls.
SCROOGE: What. are you
a princess all of a sudden?
I've seen you
scoop out brains before.
CANDY CANE: You want
me to scoop his brains out.
I'll scoop his brains
out right now.
but I'm not
touching his junk.
I don't care who does it.
I better be looking
at flat balls.
like. in
three seconds.
I'll do it.
Krampus. Perfect.
Not that guy.
That's what I love about sociopaths.
Always up for trying new things.
You don't need
to do this. okay?
No. it's all
right. No.
No. Oh. my God.
Oh. my God.
Oh. God. Oh. my God.
(UNZIPPING PANTS)
(JASON GASPS)
KRAMPUS:
Put your nuts in.
Yummy. yummy.
Stop hurting my daddy.
or Santa will get mad.
Oh. What a cutie.
So. what do we know
about Santa. little one?
She doesn't know
anything about Santa.
(GROANS)
He wasn't asking you.
She's playing
make-believe.
She's pretending
to talk to Santa.
It's not pretend.
Santa's my friend.
and he said he's going
to save us.
JASON: No.
And beat you up.
SCROOGE: Oh. is he?
I bet he'd come out of hiding
if you asked him to. huh?
What do you say
you come with me
and we play a little game
with him? JASON: No.
Trudy. come on.
Tell him the truth now.
You aren't talking
to Santa. Yes. I am.
No. you're not.
Come on. now.
Yes. I am. Damn it.
Trudy. Santa isn't real!
(GASPS)
(SIGHS)
I'm sorry. honey.
Santa's just a thing
adults tell kids
to make them
feel better. okay?
Your mommy and I give
you the presents.
and we say
they're from Santa.
He's not coming to
save us. He doesn't exist.
It's all made-up.
Really?
SCROOGE: Aw. What a way
to find out that there's no Santa.
Hey. let's come back Easter and
ruin the Easter Bunny for her. too.
LINDA: Trudy!
Come back here!
SCROOGE: Stop her!
LINDA: Trudy!
KRAMPUS: Hey! CANDY CANE:
You idiots. stay at your posts.
LINDA: Trudy!
I'll find this
little brat.
(PANTING)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(MUTTERS)
(GROANS)
(PANTING)
TRUDY: (OVER WALKIE-TALKIE)
Santa. Santa!
Santa!
(GASPS)
This is Trudy.
Are you okay. Santa?
Hi. Hey.
Are you okay?
I'm good.
I was just wrapping
something up.
I ran away and hid
in the attic.
Okay. If you're safe.
just stay there and
stay quiet. all right?
Okay. I can set up booby
traps. like in Home Alone.
Okay. I don't know
what that means.
but. yeah. do that.
Just do it quietly.
Are you really Santa?
(CHUCKLES)
Of course I am.
sweetheart.
My daddy says
there isn't any Santa.
He says parents just tell
their kids that Santa's real
to make them feel better.
He said they give us presents
and say they're from Santa.
Yeah.
Yeah. a lot
of parents say that.
But I still bring presents
to kids that need me.
Kids who really believe.
How do you know
who really needs you?
Christmas magic.
I'm not really sure
how it works.
But. uh...
(EXHALES)
I remember
when Trudy Lightstone
wrote to me.
She must have been
about six years old.
and she said that
she felt lonely sometimes.
She missed having
a best friend.
And so I brought her a
beautiful little stuffed rabbit.
Mr. Bunny.
And then I remember
the next year.
and you said you had
this amazing dream
and that. afterwards.
all you wanted to do was...
To fly!
(CHUCKLES)
To fly. To fly.
I mean. Santa might have
some magic. but...
Making a little girl fly?
But giving you a kite.
floating just beneath
the clouds.
well. it's about
as good as it gets.
(SOFTLY)
| Knew it.
I knew you
were real. Santa.
Don't be too hard on
your parents. all right?
Grown-ups have a hard time
believing things.
Can you use
your Christmas magic
to make them love
each other again?
I wish I had that
kind of power.
Mrs. Claus and I have
been going on year...
1.100. and...
Grown-up relationships
are complicated.
It takes work.
A lot of work.
Do you still love her?
Yeah. I do.
But sometimes. even if you
want to make somebody happy...
...the magic
just goes away.
Hey.
I've got an idea.
This will be fun.
Why don't you guys
open your presents?
I want to see what you
rich assholes get each other.
And some of you might not
make it till tomorrow morning.
so this could be
your only chance.
Come on.
Where's the
Christmas spirit?
MORGAN: Uh...
Gertrude. uh. I got you
something pretty special.
KRAMPUS: Did you
hear that. Gertrude?
He got you
something amazing.
What could it be?
Oh. my God.
this is exciting.
Mom.
Can I call you Mom?
Mrs. Lightstone.
Okay. so in the business.
they call this...
...a pitch deck.
Pitch deck.
MORGAN: Yeah.
It's called
Explosive Force.
Starring me.
And if you look
in the back.
there are the
financial numbers.
I'm kind of
a big deal in Asia.
Parts of Asia. at least.
We were in parts of
Asia once. and. like.
we couldn't even
go to a restaurant.
What is there
a better gift than
gift of a golden
opportunity?
KRAMPUS: (LAUGHING) Oh. no.
Granny doesn't like it.
Mother. I got you
something really special.
It's a sentimental photo
of the day I was born.
I remember.
I was there.
KRAMPUS: She
doesn't give a shit.
(LAUGHING)
Swing and miss again!
(SHATTERING)
This is so fun.
ALVA: Mommy. how
about another one?
I got you a lot
of good things.
I'll grab one.
Alva. sit down.
You've already
given me one. It's...
It's Jason's turn.
JASON: Uh...
[... I think I left it
in the car.
No. I saw you put one
under the tree earlier.
No. It's in the...
Yeah. I did.
I could've sworn.
You know what. it's...
You don't...
It's this one. right?
Yeah. I got you. bro.
Come on.
GERTRUDE:
Thank you.
It's my favorite whiskey.
You can skip the note.
Thank you. Jason.
What's the card say?
I think I'll just keep that
between Jason and I.
No one really needs
to know. Right. Jason?
Right.
TRUDY: Did you ever have
a mommy and daddy?
Yeah. of course
I had a mommy and daddy.
I wasn't... I wasn't
always Santa Claus.
I had a life before this.
A long. long.
long time ago.
They used to call me...
Nicomund.
Nicomund the Red.
TRUDY: You had
a different job then?
SANTA: Yeah.
you could say that.
I was a warrior.
A raider. A thief.
And if somebody
got in my way.
me and Skullcrusher would...
TRUDY: Who's Skullcrusher?
Skullcrusher's my...
My hammer.
My favorite hammer.
I was a surgeon
with that thing.
Used to be able to take
three heads. line 'em up...
(MIMICS HAMMER THUDDING)
But why?
What?
Why'd you do those things?
Because I was mean.
And I was greedy.
And I wanted gold. jewels.
Yeah. I mean. if there was
a naughty list back then.
I'd be top dog.
Well. maybe...
What?
Maybe all those bad things
you used to do...
Maybe you can use them
to do good things instead.
To help.
What do you mean?
Mr. Bunny.
he wasn't just a toy.
That night. you gave me
what I wished for.
A best friend.
"Cause you're
good and kind.
And you mean more than just
the presents you bring.
That's why I believe
in you. Santa.
That's why I believe.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
Thank you.
You stay hidden. Trudy.
till I come get you.
Stay safe.
SCROOGE: All right. we
got satellite confirmation.
Extraction team's
on the go.
ETA. 30 minutes.
We're on schedule.
Everything's good.
(ENGINE REVVING)
THORP: All right. fellas.
Look alive. look alive.
You all know the plan.
and I like my operations
like I like to fuck.
Hard and fast
with minimal cleanup.
Now. some idiot gets in
your way. what do you do?
ALL: Fuck their shit up right!
Damn right.
Time to lube up.
(ENGINES REVVING)
Let's go. motherfuckers!
Let's go!
(SOFTLY)
This fucking family.
TOY: Ho. ho. ho. ho.
Merry Christmas.
(GASPS)
Happy holidays.
Traitor.
I got him
in the east wing.
SCROOGE: All right.
we're on our way. Hold him.
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
Step aside.
(YELLING)
SCROOGE: Now. how did this tired.
old. fat piece of shit get the drop on us?
GINGERBREAD:
I don't know.
CANDY CANE:
He's not even armed.
This bag is the only
thing he had on him.
SCROOGE:
What's in there?
Can't see anything.
SCROOGE: Here.
give it to me.
What kind of moron
carries a chess
set with him?
What the fuck?
Doesn't make any sense.
Look at all this shit.
(CHUCKLES)
So. you're gonna tell us
what's the gimmick with the bag?
It's magic.
You put your hand in.
out comes a present.
I don't really understand
how it works. either.
So. you're Mr. Scrooge.
That's right.
But who are you?
Weihnachtsmann.
Julenissen.
Shéngdan Laorén.
Babbo Natale. Pére Noel.
Kris Kringle.
Jolly old Saint Nick.
People call me
a lot of things.
SCROOGE: (LAUGHS
SARCASTICALLY) Very funny.
Or should I say.
"Ho. ho. ho"?
If you're Santa.
where's your reindeer?
They were on the roof
until that guy I turned
into an ice kebab just...
(SANTA SPLUTTERING)
You don't believe me?
Go check.
Prancer left a tasty
log up there.
SCROOGE:
This fucking guy.
You don't think...
Now. I know you're an idiot.
but don't be an idiot out loud.
Come on. he's
just in Santy Claus
with a fucking
trick bag.
SANTA: Oh. no!
That bag was full
of kids' dreams!
SCROOGE:
Oh. come on.
Everybody knows that
Christmas dreams are bullshit.
My father used to make
a big deal out of it
every Christmas.
Every freaking Christmas
with the presents
and the candy
and the decorations
and the Christmas caroling
and all that bullshit.
And then when I was...
I don't know. 10. 11.
he got laid off.
and that Christmas.
couldn't even
afford a tree.
No Christmas dinner.
no gifts.
Nothing. nada. culo. dick.
But our neighbors...
Our neighbors.
oh. they had it all.
I could see all that yuletide cheer
through their window. mocking me.
So Christmas Eve
rolls around. and...
I waited for everybody
to go to bed.
And then I snuck in there
to take it all.
Only problem was that the
gramps got up to take a piss
and the two of us scared
the shit out of each other.
And. he fell down
the stairs
and broke his neck.
and he died in the hospital.
Everybody thought that I did it.
and every time I tried to tell them.
I tried to tell
them that...
Anyway. maybe I did do it.
Maybe I did push him.
Poor old fucker.
So. you see.
Christmas ruined my life.
Okay?
But you know what?
It set me on the path
and made me the great
man that I am today.
I'm sorry. Jimmy.
I really am.
But I do gifts.
I do Christmas cheer.
I don't get involved
in people's lives.
Oh. yeah? Yeah. well.
maybe you fucking should!
Um. how did
he know your name?
Bjorn.
What's your excuse?
Huh?
Didn't I get you that Huffy
bike you wanted back in '827?
The one you wrote me
50 times about!
What about you. Kira?
You made your
brother eat worms.
That's naughty!
Okay. how does he know
about my bike?
It's a lucky guess. like.
"Hey. do you like big tits?"
Come on. every kid
wants a fucking bike.
You're gonna tell me who
you work for... Christ. No.
You've got five seconds to
tell me who you really are.
Five. four. three. two...
I'm Santa Claus!
Well. not anymore.
GINGERBREAD:
Is it snowing?
CANDY CANE: Is he
doing this with Santa magic?
Let it show!
It's not snow.
It's Styrofoam.
I told you this
guy's a big phony.
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
Where'd he go?
He went up
the chimney.
I saw it. SCROOGE: I don't know.
he had a rig
or some pulley system
that just yanked him up.
You can't fit up there.
It's impossible.
You see one weird thing.
and then you think
you're in a fairy tale?
MAN: /Incoming. We've got
sleigh bells approaching.
Oh. my God.
It's his reindeer.
(SLAMS TABLE)
It's the extraction team.
Pull yourselves together!
(ENGINES REVVING)
(ENGINES REVVING
IN DISTANCE)
And that is the
sound of my Kill Squad.
(LAUGHS) You're
fizzity-fucked now.
Huh? What are you gonna
do? You little elf bitch.
(GROANS)
Bertie.
Hashtag blessed.
(YELLING)
Yeah!
Parkour.
Kill him. babe!
Morgan's
gonna save us.
Jean-Claude Van Dipshit
just ditched us. sweetie.
Hold your fire.
MORGAN:
Barrel roll!
Easy. easy.
Yeah!
Easy.
Identify yourself.
I'm one
of the hostages.
Morgan Steel.
the actor.
Played a lot of
soldiers in my career.
Can I just say. thank you
for your service. Semper fi.
What's the
situation inside?
Bunch of
ex-military guys.
but I got to warn you.
they know you're coming.
I think they're
ready for you.
They better be.
We're on
a tight schedule.
Shit.
(GASPS)
All right. let's move out.
MAN: Let's move out.
Come on.
You got to be
kidding me.
Hey. Thorp. you're 10
minutes late. What kept you?
Looks to me like your
net's got a hole in it.
Or are you just letting your
hostages out for some exercise?
No. no. no. We got a
wild gopher running around
complicating shit
and causing problems.
Who? Lightstone security?
Nah. I don't think so. Some
intruder dressed as Santa.
But I'm telling you.
I'm telling you.
there's something
weird about him.
Might be
the real Santa.
The fuck did she just
say? SCROOGE: Nothing.
She's joking.
My squad will
take care of it.
Beta Team.
go find this asshole.
Go.
Now. let's unwrap
our present. shall we?
All right.
you heard the man.
Time to kill Santa.
I've got him.
He's on the roof.
Roger that.
I got eyes on him.
(GASPING)
(YELLING)
(GROANING)
SCROOGE: Right.
Sugarplum. Hit that button.
(KEYS CLACKING)
SCROOGE: Here we go.
Our skeleton key.
The "open”
magic stick.
This better
fucking work.
I'm flushing my career
for this. my reputation.
Yeah. then you can
buy yourself a new rep.
(THUDDING)
THORP: As a kid. I loved unwrapping
Christmas presents so much
that my mom would wrap
empty boxes for me.
I didn't care that
nothing was inside.
Is this a fucking joke?
No.
THORP: You said it
would fucking be here!
I'm telling you. my
intel was rock solid.
I had guys
on the inside.
300 million in cash was
delivered here yesterday
to this
fucking mansion.
Somebody must've
intercepted it.
Son of a bitch.
(GROANING)
Shit.
Santa. you okay?
Santa.
A bunch of new bad guys showed
up. They're on the naughty list.
They got their gadgets
and their gizmos on them.
I'm sorry. I think
this is it. kid.
No. no. don't say that.
The naughty list...
It just grows and grows.
He's in that structure.
Body cams on.
TRUDY: Don't give up.
You make a wish
this time. Santa.
Just this once.
If you could have
anything in this world.
what would it be?
I wish I could see
Mrs. Claus again.
tell her how
much I love her.
Then you make
that wish come true.
(CLATTERING)
Shit.
No. no.
Oh. God.
No.
You said these guys.
they're naughty.
And what do you do
to the naughty ones?
I give them a lump of coal.
Yeah. Give them their lumps.
Take that coal and shove it
straight up their...
Anuses.
Yeah!
They're right outside.
Santa's gonna eat
through these guys
like a plate
full of cookies.
SOLDIER 1:
Move. move.
(SOFTLY)
Hey. lock it up.
Lights down.
Stay at my back.
All right.
we got this. boys.
(SCREAMING)
(MUFFLED GASP)
(BONES CRACKING)
(SCREAMING)
All right. where
the fuck is my money?
Where's the money?
(YELLS)
All right. I've been
a sweetheart up to now.
But that's all over.
No more fucking games!
Where's the money?
Or I will shoot every last
one of you and enjoy it.
It's in the vault.
I just looked in the vault.
Had the money
been in there.
I'd have a different
expression on my face.
Impossible.
Takes days to get
into that thing.
Not if we have the key.
Mrs. Lightstone.
GERTRUDE: Thorp.
(SIGHS)
You can't trust anyone
these days.
SCROOGE: I'm not
sure how. but you
or one of your shithead
kids moved the money.
And this upsets me.
It upsets me
in a way that makes me want
to just randomly shoot at people.
Hold on.
Just... Sorry.
What? What?
What if you randomly shoot the
only person who knows where it is?
Oh. fuck you people!
(FESTIVE ROCK BALLAD PLAYING)
(ALL GROANING)
(SOLDIER SCREAMING)
SANTA: Suck on this.
I need some
feedback. guys.
Guys. what the hell
is going on?
(SOLDIERS SCREAMING)
(WHIRRING)
Huh?
(GRUNTING)
(STRAINING. SCREAMING)
Jesus Christ.
Nope. Just jolly
old Saint Nick.
(GRUNTS)
Oh. God!
There you go.
A little
stocking stuffer.
Where is it?
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
I got to watch.
Fuck!
Ho-Ho-Holy shit.
Gertrude would never
trust anybody
who wasn't blood
with this kind of info.
So...
The in-laws
wouldn't know shit.
which means that
I can shoot her...
...unless you tell me
where the fucking money is.
LINDA: Please don't.
okay? It's Christmas.
Shut up!
I swear. I'll blow
her brains out
unless you tell me
where the money went.
I did it!
What?
Okay. Yeah. I did it.
I moved the money.
No. don't be an idiot.
What? The money's
our only leverage.
My wife has a fucking
gun to her head. so...
Yeah. how did you find
out that we were coming?
I didn't.
I was stealing it.
Yeah. coincidence.
GERTRUDE: Oh. my God.
I was planning
to take the money
and leave with my wife
and daughter tonight
and never come
back here.
And then
my mom would
read the note with her
whiskey in the morning
and know
what I had done.
For years. I have
been telling you
to stop caring about your
mother's fucking money!
And you think the solution
was to steal a bunch of it.
Well. yeah. it does sound
stupid when you say it like that.
ALVA: How can you
do this right now?
It's disgusting. After all
that Mother has given us?
Come on. Alva. Everything
she ever gave you.
she made damn
sure we knew
she had the power
to take right back.
I have spent years
groveling to you.
In the meanwhile.
I was destroying
the only good
thing in my life.
KRAMPUS: What are
we doing here. huh?
Family therapy
or doing a heist?
Yeah. enough of
this sharing bullshit.
All right.
Where'd you put it?
Look at this
little idiot.
Oh. no.
What?
The bad guys found me.
Okay.
I'm coming.
You know. booby traps don't
work unless you hide them.
You little moron.
(GROANING)
Jesus! Shit!
Help me! Help me! Help!
You'll be... (RETCHES)
You'll be fine.
Sit tight.
I'll be back in a sec.
Right after I kill
this little piece of shit!
You little fucking brat.
(GASPING)
(SCREAMING)
(GROANS)
(SQUELCHING)
(SCREAMING)
(YELPING)
CANDY CANE:
You're dead!
You're so fucking dead!
Fucking piece of shit.
(SCOFFS) You little...
(GASPING)
Incoming!
(STRAINING)
(GIGGLES)
(SQUELCHING)
(WINCES)
(YELLING)
Son of a fucking...
(CRUNCHING)
(GROANS)
Fuck.
I got you now. kid.
Yeah? Heads up.
That's all you got?
You fucking...
(CLANGS)
(GROANS)
Enough of this shit.
(GRUNTS)
Santa!
SANTA: Aw.
Hi. Trudy.
I made booby traps like in
the movie. It was so funny.
Ho. ho. ho.
(GRUNTS)
Trudy. I want you to...
Just do me a favor.
Just turn around
and close your eyes.
Maybe put your fingers
in your ears.
and sing Jingle Bells
as loud as you can.
(SINGING)
Jingle bells. jingle bells
Jingle all the way
Oh. how fun it is to ride...
You were about to murder
an innocent child.
Jingle bells. jingle bells...
Innocent?
It's naughty.
Naughty.
Naughty!
It's part of the
Lightstone legacy.
We're horrible
people.
So I get why you
did what you did.
When your grandfather told
me I'd never run the company
because a girl doesn't
have what it takes.
| had to snatch the
reins away from him.
But the point is.
a Lightstone takes
what's theirs.
I'm proud
of you. son.
All right. where
the hell is it?
The money's
hidden inside.
SCROOGE: And the Three
Wise Men presented him with gifts
of frankincense. myrrh...
...and cold hard cash.
Load it up. boys.
All right.
we're securing the money.
Kill the hostages
and meet us outside.
What?
No.
BERT: Mom.
It's fine. Bert.
Everything's fine.
Okay.
Everybody. get up.
(SINGSONG) It's time
for a murder.
Come on. You don't
want to kill us.
You really don't.
Oh. yes. I do.
I really. really.
really do.
And I'm gonna
start with you.
No. no. no.
Wait. wait. wait.
You got to kill
Aunt Linda first.
What the hell. Bert?
You want to squeeze in being a
little shit before you die. Bertrude?
I say shoot him
first. BERT: What?
ALVA: Wait.
No. Don't shoot him.
Don't shoot him first.
And don't you call him
a little shit.
you gold-digging bitch.
Okay. I changed
my mind.
Shoot the alcoholic bitch
first. Don't call my mom
an alcoholic bitch.
Your mom's an alcoholic.
I'm sorry. You're a
gold-digging bitch.
I'm a gold-digger. when I
have a whole-ass career?
You're not even part
of the fucking family.
She's an engineer.
You know goddamn well...
Shut up!
(EXHALES)
Just like rats
in a barrel.
Why don't you die
with some dignity?
(ALL GRUNTING)
Get off of me!
Okay. okay.
Fuck you!
This is for yelling
at my child!
Creep!
That's for slapping me.
motherfucker!
ALVA: This is for
your dumb fucking hat!
LINDA: Is he...
Is he dead?
Yeah.
Thanks. Linda.
Well. it's nice to do something
as a family for a change.
(SPUTTERING)
Oh. shit!
I'm gonna... (GRUNTS)
ALVA: That was
for Morgan.
He may have been stupid.
but he was very. very hot.
(GASPS) Trudy!
Mommy!
Thank God. baby.
Oh. Are you okay?
I'm okay. Mommy.
Okay.
This is my
friend. Santa.
What the fuck?
I can't thank you
enough. Mister...
Claus. But please
call me Santa.
Mm-hmm.
You guys should get out
of here. It's dangerous.
They took my husband
and her grandmother.
Anybody know how
to work these gizmos?
I think so.
I used to hunt
with my dad.
Ow.
MAN 1: Copy that.
How's that looking?
MAN 2: Yeah.
I got it on lockdown.
MAN 1: Heads on
a swivel. boys.
(GUNSHOT)
MAN 3: Incoming!
MAN 4: Heads up!
MAN 4: Who's shooting?
(GASPS)
MAN 5: Cap. get down!
(GASPING)
Gun 'em down.
Mow them all down.
(SANTA YELLING)
(GUNFIRE)
SCROOGE: Let's get the
fuck out of here. Let's go.
Go where? Come
on. move. you old bat.
Get your fucking
hands off of me.
(YELPS)
Oh!
Oh. shit.
My balls!
My fucking balls!
(ENGINE SPUTTERING)
(SOLDIER SCREAMING)
My balls! Why did you
shoot me in the ball...
Jesus.
Sorry.
Don't worry about us.
Mr. Claus. We got this.
JASON: Who is that guy?
He said
he was Mr. Claus.
Fuck. Trudy.
No. no.
She's in the house.
She's okay.
She's safe.
Oh. thank God.
Yeah.
(BOTH PANTING)
(GUN CLICKS)
No. no.
Go. go. go.
No. Wait.
(YELLING)
(GASPS)
(ENGINES REVVING)
Oh. shit!
Ho. ho!
Fuck!
(LINDA CHOKING)
Fucking die.
(LINDA COUGHING)
(GROANING)
(PANTING)
SCROOGE: Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Yeah. over here.
Over here.
Santa!
Come on!
Yeah.
(SANTA YELLING)
(GROANING)
(ENGINE SPUTTERING)
(GUN CLICKING)
Fuck.
You're real?
You're him.
You're you.
That's what I've been
trying to tell you.
The real goddamn
Santa Claus.
This is not
your night. pal.
Oh. I don't know.
I think you're wrong.
I think my whole shitty
life's built up to this moment.
Because when I kill you.
this whole goddamn holiday
finally ends.
Whatever it takes...
...Christmas dies tonight.
(YELLING)
(ENGINE REVVING)
(STRAINING)
(BOTH SCREAMING)
(COUGHING)
(SCREAMING)
(BOTH STRAINING)
(THUDDING)
(GROANING)
(LAUGHS MALICIOUSLY)
(SCREAMING)
The last Christmas.
(SOFTLY) Not if you
still believe.
No!
(SCROOGE SCREAMING)
(LAUGHS)
(CONTINUES LAUGHING)
(GUNSHOTS)
I have no idea what
the fuck is going on here.
But this ends now.
Damn right it does.
(ENGINES REVVING)
LINDA: Trudy.
be careful.
TRUDY: Santa!
Oh. no. Santa.
Oh. no.
You saved
my daughter.
SANTA: No.
She saved me.
Help him.
Please help him.
Honey. I don't think
there's anything we can do.
SANTA: It's okay.
It's too late for that.
Too late.
I'm cold.
(WINCES)
I haven't felt cold
in years.
We need
to keep him warm.
All of the fires
are going out.
We need to find
something to burn.
I got an idea.
No.
No. no. no. no.
No. Jason. no.
TRUDY: Please. Santa.
I don't want
you to die.
ALVA: Jason. let's
slow this down.
What are you doing?
I've lived longer than
any man should ever live.
He's pretty much dead.
What the hell is happening?
You don't need to burn money.
JASON: Okay. More. Yeah.
You can't die. Santa.
You have to get up.
I think I used up
all my Christmas magic.
Sorry.
I'm sorry I can't give
you what you asked for.
JASON: Take that. Take that.
TRUDY: But you did.
Santa. please don't die.
Wake up. Wake up.
JASON: We need to
get him close to the fire.
Jason.
Just wake up.
Please.
No.
Oh. I am
So. SO sorry.
This man...
This brave. brave man.
whoever he was...
He's Santa.
The real Santa.
He is.
And I still believe
in him.
I'll always believe
in you. Santa.
I believe
in him. too.
He saved Trudy.
He saved our family.
What's realer
than that?
Yeah. and maybe...
I believe
in him. too.
Uh. So do |I.
Oh. Shit.
(SNIFFLES)
I guess...
I guess I do. too.
ALVA: Fuck me.
I believe. too.
(COUGHS)
(GASPS)
Oh. my God.
Santa!
(GROANING)
JASON: You...
You were dead.
Christmas magic.
I still don't really
understand...
...how it works.
(SANTA CHUCKLES)
Thank you.
I don't know how we
can ever repay you.
You brought me back from
the dead. so we'll call it even.
Even?
We just burned
half a million dollars.
Look. Santa!
Hmm?
Look who came.
(REINDEER SNUFFLING)
Now you show up. huh?
You leave me
here to die.
come back after all
the work's done. huh?
You know what? I should
make you guys into a stew
and feed you
to the elves!
(REINDEER SNORTING)
Yes. Blitzen! Yes.
I'm talking to you!
You. too. Prancer.
You got my sack.
My spare... You went home
and you got my spare sack?
God. I can't stay mad
at you guys. I...
Aw. I can't. I can't.
Oh.
Hello. beautiful.
Skullcrusher!
Guess this
is goodbye.
I gotta go.
Do you have to?
It's Christmas Eve.
and there's a lot of
boys and girls
on the nice list
that want their
presents. you Know?
Thank you.
For what?
For believing in me.
For reminding me that
Christmas still matters.
And that I still...
...matter.
You gave me
my "Ho. ho. ho" back.
All right.
Get out of here.
Merry Christmas!
Hyah!
Now. Dasher! Now. Dancer!
Now. Prancer and Vixen!
On. Comet! On. Cupid!
On. Donner and Blitzen!
Come on.
you beautiful bastards!
We've got
some work to do!
Hyah!
Ho. ho. ho!
Merry Christmas!
(FESTIVE ROCK SONG PLAYING)
Hey. yo! What's Gucci.
squad fam?
It's the Bert Locker.
living the dream.
You know what? See
this guy? Dead as hell.
Santa's real.
all right?
Don't end up on
the naughty list.
Do better.
Bert Lightstone out.
(UPBEAT SONG PLAYING)